Added clarifications for allow for HCP and malware (#11117)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/secure-by-default.md

- IP Allow List (connection filtering)
- Exchange mail flow rules (also known as transport rules)

> If you might want to temporarily allow certain messages that are still being blocked by Microsoft, do it [via Admin submissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/submissions-admin?view=o365-worldwide#report-good-email-to-microsoft). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to temporarily allow certain messages that are still being blocked by Microsoft, do it [via Admin submissions](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/submissions-admin#report-good-email-to-microsoft). 
```

- Security/SecOps mailboxes: Dedicated mailboxes used by security teams to get unfiltered messages (both good and bad). Teams can then review to see if they contain malicious content. For more information, see [Configure SecOps mailboxes in the advanced delivery policy](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/skip-filtering-phishing-simulations-sec-ops-mailboxes#use-the-microsoft-365-defender-portal-to-configure-secops-mailboxes-in-the-advanced-delivery-policy).
- Third-party filters: Secure by default only applies when the MX record for your domain is set to Exchange Online Protection (contoso.mail.protection.outlook.com). If it's set to another service or device, it is possible to override Secure by default with a [Transport Rule](/exchange/security-and-compliance/mail-flow-rules/use-rules-to-set-scl) to bypass all spam filtering. When Microsoft detects messages as High Confidence Phish with this rule in place, they still deliver to the Inbox. 

> - False positives: You might want to temporarily allow certain messages that are still being blocked by Microsoft, do it [via Admin submissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/submissions-admin?view=o365-worldwide#report-good-email-to-microsoft). By default, allow entries for domains and email addresses, files and URLs are created for 30 days, while allow entries for spoofed senders never expire. Microsoft will either learn from the allow entries for domains and email addresses, files and URLs within those 30 days, or automatically extend it for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- False positives: If you want to temporarily allow certain messages that are still being blocked by Microsoft, do it [via Admin submissions](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/submissions-admin#report-good-email-to-microsoft). By default, allow entries for domains and email addresses, files and URLs are created for 30 days, while allow entries for spoofed senders never expire. Microsoft will either learn from the allow entries for domains and email addresses, files, and URLs within those 30 days, or automatically extend it for you.
```
